c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\bin\Debug\Generador Español.exe
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\bin\Debug\Generador Español.pdb
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\Generador Español_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\Generador Español.g.resources
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\Generador_Español.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\Generador Español.exe
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\Generador Español.pdb
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\bin\Debug\Biblioteca.dll
c:\users\felipe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\bin\Debug\Biblioteca.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\Advertencia.baml
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\VentanaCierre.baml
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\Advertencia.g.cs
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\VentanaCierre.g.cs
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\AdvertenciaFuncion.baml
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\CreadorAdjetivo.baml
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\CreadorArticulo.baml
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\CreadorSustantivo.baml
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\CreadorVerbo.baml
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\ModificadorSustantivo.baml
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\AdvertenciaFuncion.g.cs
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\CreadorAdjetivo.g.cs
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\CreadorArticulo.g.cs
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\CreadorSustantivo.g.cs
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\CreadorVerbo.g.cs
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\obj\x86\Debug\ModificadorSustantivo.g.cs
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\bin\Debug\GeneradorTexto.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\bin\Debug\ModificadorBaseDato.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\bin\Debug\GeneradorTexto.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Generador Español\Generador Español\bin\Debug\ModificadorBaseDato.pdb
